A Go frontend
=============

Ian Lance Taylor
iant@golang.org
29 Jan 2010

This is a compiler frontend for the Go programming language
(http://golang.org/).  The frontend was originally developed at
Google, and was released in November 2009.  It was written by Ian
Lance Taylor <iant@golang.org>.

It was originally written for gcc (http://gcc.gnu.org/).  As of this
writing it only supports gcc, but the goal is to separate the gcc
support from the rest of the frontend.

The go subdirectory holds the frontend source code.  This is mirrored
to the gcc/go subdirectory in the gcc repository.

The libgo subdirectory holds the library source code.  This is a copy
of the main Go library with various changes appropriate for this
compiler.  The main Go library is hosted at
http://code.google.com/p/go, in the src/pkg directory.  The libgo
subdirectory is mirrored to the libgo subdirectory in the gcc
repository.


Legal Matters
=============

Changes to these files require a copyright assignment to Google.  This
is required to permit the changes to be copied to the gcc repository,
as Google as a copyright assignment with the Free Software Foundation.

If you are the copyright holder, you will need to agree to the
individual contributor license agreement at
http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html.  This agreement
can be completed online.

If your organization is the copyright holder, the organization will
need to agree to the corporate contributor license agreement at
http://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html.

If the copyright holder for your code has already completed the
agreement in connection with another Google open source project, it
does not need to be completed again.

The authors of these files may be found in the AUTHORS and
CONTRIBUTORS files.
